hey guys yesterday I got a new one or
sorry I didn't show you before but my
friend Ronnie Woods came over it's a
girl
over there it's a girl her name is Jenny
and she doesn't bite at all actually she
doesn't really like to be handled but
she won't bite she's really nice she's
not mean she won't bite shadows a boy
but they're not gonna meet because
they're not the same breed but what
could happen is that they could get
pregnant there she is
hey girl shadows oh boy but they're not
gonna make because they're not the same
breed this is a green anole shadows of
baja mano brown anole sorry and we
still have a chance of babies that's
what I want because she can just
randomly get pregnant okay she can just
randomly get pregnant okay I mean she
doesn't have to mate she can just
randomly get pregnant so that's good
I bet probably down in the mating season
which is spring she'll probably be
pregnant I really don't know but they
could get pregnant even without a mate
so yeah she's pretty nice
she hasn't bite like I said she's she
sits still she's very pretty
she doesn't have a do well she's gotta
do up but I heard they they have a
really really really little do lot that
they don't use at all and they got the
line in their back you can't see right
now because right now she's really green
but if she sits up in the plants or on
top of the cave she'll turn a dark brown
color cuz that's kind of cool so yeah
there's my new and old Jenny like I said
she is a girl and hopefully in the
mating season she's gonna be pregnant
she is I'll let you guys know all right
she is she's a good girl
I had the light off right now cuz it's
early in the morning sometimes she
doesn't even want to get off there's
shadow obviously he is still doing good
they all ate yesterday ate yesterday
child will been a little crazy since my
daughter which was yesterday
shadow likes her shadow likes her but
they're not gonna mate but he does like
her I bet he wants to mate but the
female won't let her cuz they're not the
same breed so what if what if she gets
pregnant and lays eggs I have to take
shadow out because they say if you have
green and all hatchlings with a Bahama
on oil they'll eat them so I got a if
she gets pregnant I have to take him out
and that's what I'm gonna do if he if
she gets pregnant so yeah that's a very
cool update last time like I said if she
gets pregnant I have to take him out cuz
he'll eat the babies he won't eat the
eggs but he'll eat the babies and it'll
take about six weeks for the eggs to
hatch
so I he would have six weeks left and
once they hatch
I have to like make some kind of thing
like put in there like I should make
like a plastic thing in the corner
I should put a plastic thing in the
corner right here like right there and
that goes around I should like well
first what's just gonna do she's gonna
lay the eggs in the clip obviously and
after the babies hatch I'm gonna put the
babies in this container this is the one
where I got storm see it's a perfect fit
but they can't get out through this hole
so that's a problem
well what I'm gonna make a plastic box
and I'm gonna put like a screen over it
so shadow can't get in there and I'll
take the I'll take Ginny out every once
in a while till I see her babies and
stuff so yeah that's just a really cool
update here's my Jenny he's a girl and
hopefully in spring she's gonna get
pregnant I bet she will so yeah she's
probably gonna get pregnant so yeah